so complete my training o D. Under way. It's going to vary because you
have to be on your way and it depends where you hit the ship and its
ashore and see cycle patient. So if you report to a ship in the shipyard,
that's you. Awhile you report to the ship while she's on deployment.
That's great. Personally, I met my ship on the deployment.
I was able to qualify for Yau in 81 days. And then there was just not
enough time to go topside and qualified. So then we went to the shore
rotation and we were 44 year before we deployed again. I qualified
for my also south. I'm assuming this is Austin that underway. Also,
that underway requires a year A good, solid year off Underway time
doing all the evolutions. Okay, that means, you know, anchoring. That
means unwraps, refuelings, etcetera, etcetera mo board, etcetera.
Personal transfers. So 30 year qualifies. Also that import two weeks,
two weeks